W 12430553 logging combine third party gr (#196)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.4/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-conn-monitoring.adoc

= Monitoring in Connected Mode
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode enables you to monitor APIs with Anypoint Platform. By using the Anypoint Platform, you can configure logs and view key metrics and analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode enables you to monitor APIs with Anypoint Platform. By using Anypoint Platform, you can configure logs and view key metrics and analytics.
```

Looks like you added "the" before Anypoint Platform.

= Monitoring in Connected Mode
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Connected Mode enables you monitor Flex Gateway APIs with Anypoint Platform. By using the Anypoint Platform, you can configure Flex Gateway logs and view Key Metrics and analytics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode enables you to monitor APIs with Anypoint Platform. By using Anypoint Platform, you can configure logs and view key metrics and analytics.
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with Chris' suggestions.

> Get started monitoring Flex Gateway running in Connected Mode with the following tasks:

Reviewer 2: This is hard to parse.

Use these tasks to get started with monitoring FG running in CM?

Reviewer 2: Should these bullets below be imperative rather than gerunds?

Reviewer 2: Did you disagree with my comment on line 9?

> * xref:flex-conn-message-log.adoc[Configure Message Logging] - Applying a Message Logging policy

Reviewer 2: allows -> enables

to your API instance in API Manager allows you to view basic logs for APIs managed by Flex Gateway
within API Manager.
* xref:flex-use-api-alerts.adoc[Use API Alerts] - Using API alerts for Flex Gateway in Connected Mode, you can add and configure email notifications that flag unusual API behavior.

> * View Replica Status - PLACE HOLDER

Reviewer 2: Don't forget these!

* View Flex Gateway API Status - PLACE HOLDER

> * xref:flex-view-api-metrics.adoc[View Key Metrics for Flex Gateway APIs] - API Manager and Anypoint Monitoring collect metrics on active Flex Gateway APIs. You can view charts related to these metrics and filter the data by date.

Reviewer 2: This bullet isn't parallel with the others.

> * xref:flex-conn-third-party-logs-config.adoc[Configure Flex Gateway Logs for Third-Party Services] - Anypoint Flex Gateway enables you to configure log output for consumption by third-party services such as Splunk. Logs for Third-Party services are configure via a configuration YAML file.

Reviewer 2: not parallel.
